(All characters, organizations, places, entities, and events...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
(Please be aware of any unpleasant or unsettling content.)
Over here!
(Episode 7)
I should check with the hospital for his bag.
Just a moment.
This man.
I know him.
Who is it?
He's from the church.
- New Life Church? - Yes.
But I don't remember his name though.
What's important is that...
he and Seo Sang Won...
used to be like brothers.
(Eun Ho)
Yes?
Hello?
Eun Ho.
Ko Eun Ho.
If I had answered on that day...
She might've lived.
My original target was you,
but I went after your friend since you didn't fit the criteria.
Eun Ho...
is still alive.
He'll soon die though just like Choi Su Jung.
He'll have died because of you too.
Because of me?
Detective?
Detective Cha.
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Detective,
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
The drawing in Eun Ho's notebook and the person he saved.
They were both related to Seo Sang Won.
How is this even possible? And why do we keep...
finding traces...
of Seo Sang Won near Eun Ho?
What if...
none of this was a coincidence?
(Eun Ho's caregiver)
Should I answer that instead?
Cha Young Jin speaking.
Yes.
Is he conscious?
I'll be right there.
What is it? What did he say?
Eun Ho...
Eun Ho woke up.
Detective Cha.
You had me thinking that it was bad news.
If it's good news,
you should say it with a smile on your face.
"Eun Ho woke up."
Like this.
Sir, it's Tae Hyung.
I don't think you need to come.
- A minimally conscious state? - Yes.
Every time he hears something, he wakes up and falls back to sleep.
So that means...
he woke up because his body reacted to a stimulus.
- Yes. - You must be busy, Tae Hyung.
No, I'm fine. I'll continue to keep an eye on him.
Okay, bye.
No way.
Could he have heard something?
(Caregiver Kim Tae Hyung)
So Yeon.
I'm sorry about everything.
I even once thought about...
becoming Eun Ho's dad.
I thought Eun Ho was naive and kind.
But I realized that he was...
too much for me.
I mean it in a good way.
So Yeon.
Eun Ho...
is the best thing...
that ever happened to you.
(Caregiver Kim Tae Hyung)
Hey, Tae Hyung.
Eun Ho woke up?
My goodness gracious.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Eun Ho.
You probably need to yell at him...
to get him to wake up.
Eun Ho, take it easy.
Your teacher and I...
are taking one step at a time...
to find out what happened.
I'm going to find out what you wanted to say,
what you couldn't tell me,
and even the stuff that you didn't even know.
Sun Kyung, it's me. I have a question.
- What is it? - Remember the guy...
that used to be like brothers with Seo Sang Won...
back when we were young at the church?
Mr. Jang Ki Ho?
Right. Jang Ki Ho.
Why do you ask all of a sudden?
I saw him from far away.
And I wasn't sure if it was him.
Sun Kyung, my friend is calling me.
I'll talk to you later.
Yes, that's right. His name was Jang Ki Ho.
Why did Sun Woo ask you about Jang Ki Ho?
I don't know. He apparently saw him somewhere.
The self-government committee decided to be lenient.
He just needs to write an apology letter to the victim...
and move to another class.
I'm going to get sent to a different class?
- Yes. - Did you agree to this?
If it weren't for your homeroom teacher,
you would've had to transfer schools.
Did you agree to this?
Yes.
What's the matter with you?
Hey.
What's wrong with you? Hey!
- Hey! - Calm down!
Do you think this is a circus? Get lost!
Call a teacher.
Out of the way! Move!
Tae Hyung!
Put that down.
What do you think you're doing?
- Go to the infirmary. - Jae Bin.
Don't you think you deserve to get beaten up a bit more?
- Tae Hyung. - I really didn't do anything...
to deserve to get punished because of him.
So if I'm going to get punished anyway,
I might as well just do something to him.
Hey!
- Mr. Lee, are you okay? - Sir, are you okay?
- Sir, you're bleeding. - Mr. Lee, are you okay?
- Mr. Lee. - My gosh.
Call an ambulance!
- Mr. Lee! - Mr. Lee, are you okay?
Are you okay?
You called her first?
No, I called you first.
I kept calling you, but you didn't answer my calls.
From now on,
I don't want you to call her regarding stuff like this.
- Okay. - And please stop coming here.
Eun Ho's getting better, and you're busy.
No, I'm fine.
I'm not fine with it!
You make me feel uncomfortable!
Eun Ho and I have been friends for seven years.
I care about how he's doing and wish to know if he's okay.
"Friends"?
You're over 20 years older than him. How can you be friends?
Let's be honest.
You're using him to feel superior over me.
"I'm a better adult. I can't believe she's his mother."
Isn't that what you think to yourself?
If I were his mom.
If Eun Ho were my son. Right?
Why? Why do you have such thoughts?
Stop.
Let go. Let go of me.
Let me go.
Let go. Let me go.
Don't touch me!
I don't care what you say to me.
Because you are nobody to me.
You can never hurt me.
But when you're around your son,
watch your language.
Because you're a mother.
Your harsh words hurt Eun Ho.
Not even the kindest, sweetest person in the world...
can...
replace you for him.
How come?
How is Tae Hyung here?
(Baek Sang Ho)
(Calling Baek Sang Ho)
(Lee Sun Woo)
(Power off)
The call cannot be connected.
(Off Limits)
Let's go.
How is the kid?
He has to stay longer. How about this guy?
Like you said, one of Kevin Jung's legs...
I crushed it completely.
Good. That way it's even.
Shall I have a look?
Hey.
I'll get those things out of your mouths.
But I hate listening, so you just answer.
Okay?
Spare my life! I'll do anything you want!
Let's just kill them both.
You're heartless.
Take pity on this kid. He does as he's told.
This happened because that idiot told him...
to bring the goods to our hotel.
It'll be easier to wrap things up if we kill them both.
That's true though.
What shall we do?
Kill them both?
The deity sometimes...
wakes us up with a punishment,
and placates us with a blessing.
But...
he also remains silent.
He gives us the free will to choose...
because he respects us that much.
Have you ever had...
a privilege greater than being able to choose?
Choosing where to get your degree,
choosing where to work or whom you marry.
Not things like that.
Choosing something that can change your life completely.
Which can also...
ruin someone else's life completely.
The Millennium Hotel is my home.
You can't make it yours...
and disrespect the homeowner.
I don't care if you deal drugs,
but if you did it in my home...
Then it's different.
Mr. Oh?
Okay, I'll spare you.
Just one of you.
But I'll give both of you a choice.
So, take a look...
and pick one.
Please spare my life!
Please don't kill me!
No?
You won't pick?
Then I'm out too.
We'll kill you both like they said.
- Kill them then join me. - Okay.
An ax! An ax!
No.
A hammer! A hammer! Give me a hammer.
What a nice pick.
I picked it, so why...
Can't you just listen?
Darn it. Untie them.
Now it's my turn.
I'll choose one of you.
Okay?
Pick that up faster than the other...
and pound the other with it relentlessly.
That's the deal.
Okay?
Ready?
Go.
Don't believe him! It's a lie!
He'll have us both killed anyway.
So what?
We should both die?
We must fight back together.
You choose to die together?
Okay. Then I'll tell you this.
At first,
I was going to kill Lee Young Sik.
But what he told me about you...
changed my mind.
You didn't know that, did you?
You didn't know.
No, no. It's not true.
My gosh.
I killed him.
Will you spare me?
I should keep my word.
Thank you.
But...
I don't think it's over yet.
(From Detective Cha Young Jin. Where are you?)
Why are you out here?
Just because.
His mother's inside.
So is his caregiver.
The doctor said...
he won't have a physical disability.
That's such a relief.
Like Baek Sang Ho said, it's a miracle.
He dropped from a 10-story building,
but he lived.
And there will be no permanent damage.
Is this even possible though?
Think about it.
The rooftop was at the height of a 10-story building.
If he had dropped from there,
the impact...
would've been like colliding with a car at 100km per hour.
Even though the car beneath him absorbed the impact...
That's what we call a miracle.
A miracle.
I guess you can say that.
You seem exhausted.
Do you get enough sleep? Don't tell me you're skipping meals.
I get by.
- How about some dinner? - I'll grab a bite.
I meant, with me.
I have something to tell you anyway.
The man Eun Ho saved.
I found out his name.
Tell me right now.
I will once you finish that.
- I have other ways to find out. - I know.
You're a detective of the Special Crime Squad...
who leads a homicide team.
Still, finishing that bowl of gukbab...
seems like the easiest way.
His name is Jang Ki Ho.
His age?
I'm guessing he's in his late 40s or early 50s.
My sister would've been suspicious had I asked her his age.
All your family members...
must be congregants of the New Life Church.
Well,
I guess you can say that about us.
You too?
I never missed church when I was young,
but then I had to be dragged there after hitting puberty.
I never stepped foot into the place after my father passed away though.
Then you don't have any recent information on Jang Ki Ho.
That's right.
I couldn't even remember his name.
You must be thinking...
that what happened to Eun Ho wasn't a coincidence.
There's a reason for it, but you can't tell me.
Thank you for today.
Eun Ho's prize you brought me produced new leads.
We should head out.
I also...
haven't told you everything.
There are things I can't speak about yet,
but I wish I could someday.
Just like how you didn't tell me about Dong Myung?
Yes.
Are you heading home?
No, to the hospital Jang Ki Ho was taken to.
I'll head back to school and check the CCTV footage from the next day.
If I see Eun Ho's bag,
then it'll mean that it missing has nothing to do with Jang Ki Ho.
Thank you in advance then.
(Seoyeon University Emergency Medical Center)
Did he put something in his bag?
Or maybe he took something out.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
I checked the camera footage.
Eun Ho was spotted leaving school the next day...
with his backpack.
I saw him with the other bag the next morning.
Then his backpack went missing...
the day after he saved Jang Ki Ho.
And that evening, he came to see me...
But...
I just told him to go home.
You didn't know.
I knew that he wasn't his usual self.
I chose to ignore it.
Yes?
The light in your apartment is on.
I must've forgot since I was in a hurry.
Could you go in and turn it off?
You know the lock combination.
Sure thing.
- Hello? - That's enough.
When did you get home?
- About an hour ago. - That was before me.
- Did you have dinner? - Not yet.
I want some ramyeon, but there aren't any at home.
- Are there any at my place? - Four packets.
Come on up then.
Could Im Hee Jung be the accomplice?
What if they shared this big secret, but he killed her...
due to a disagreement?
Do you still not know about the connection they had?
They were close associates of Pastor Kwon Jae Chun,
the founder of our church.
He and Seo Sang Won used to be like brothers.
Are you sure you're here to ask about Jang Ki Ho?
Yes.
I doubt it.
What do you mean?
Should I know something else that isn't related to Mr. Jang?
So you're really here to ask about him?
- Yes. - That's odd.
Then were those men not the real police?
I don't think I follow.
Hold on.
Kim Byung Hee of Homicide Team One.
He's a member of my team.
So he wasn't impersonating a police officer then.
Anyway, the detectives came by...
and asked about Mr. Jang.
What did they ask you about?
They were here to check the rumors of him being missing.
Jang Ki Ho is missing?
I like the serenity around here.
- Sir. - Would you like a cup of coffee?
I already had one with the boss.
He wants us to quickly wrap up the stigmata serial murder case.
When can you wrap things up?
The culprit confessed and died.
So we can wrap it up right now if we want.
But isn't that a bit too quick?
Did the church pull some strings?
We all think that, but don't say it out loud.
Hurry up and get to work.
Shouldn't you inform Ms. Cha of this?
I'll tell her myself. Just hurry up and wrap it up.
There she is.
- Hello. - Good morning.
What? Do you have something to say?
Im Hee Jung's close acquaintance,
Jang Ki Ho, went missing.
- What do you mean? - Why didn't you report to me?
He went missing a few days before the accident.
And there were no call records between him and Seo Sang Won.
So we figured he had nothing to do with the stigmata serial murders.
Plus, the culprit confessed everything and killed himself.
What more can we do?
Are you kidding me?
You still should've reported that to me.
I told you so.
I'm sorry, sir.
Did Jae Hong tell you about Jang Ki Ho?
Detective Lee also knows?
Why didn't you wake me up? It's my turn to take over.
I wasn't tired.
You didn't drink any water so you won't have to go to the bathroom?
No.
Officer Yun.
We're colleagues, not competitors.
I want to take your place.
My gosh.
Hey, Detective Park.
Do you still have nothing new regarding Kevin Jung?
No.
- Then come back to the office. - What?
- Remember Jang Ki Ho? - Yes.
Ms. Cha found out about him.
Choi Dae Hoon was apparently murdered.
Kevin Jung and Lee Young Sik suddenly went missing.
And now, Jang Ki Ho even has something to do with Ko Eun Ho.
Why is that punk involved with everyone?
Sir, I apologize for saying this.
But it makes me feel uneasy to hear you...
talk about the victim that way.
Hey, you punk. I was just being comfortable...
Even if you're right, it makes people feel uneasy...
if you talk back like that to your superior.
Gosh, you're the one who always talks back to Ms. Cha.
That's enough.
Do you think he helped Seo Sang Won?
Who? Jang Ki Ho?
Why do you think that?
Seo Sang Won had your name card.
And he even sent you the video of the murder.
That means he had his eyes on you for a while.
Then he surely would've known about Eun Ho.
So maybe Jang Ki Ho approached Eun Ho on purpose.
Gosh, that's so far-stretched.
So you think he faked his heart attack to approach him?
Plus, Eun Ho fell from the hotel after Seo Sang Won died.
And Choi Dae Hoon was the culprit.
I should've thought it through. I'm sorry.
I want all the files regarding the stigmata serial murders.
Ms. Cha.
We were told to wrap this case up as soon as possible.
That's not going to happen.
Then what do you want me to do?
Plus, you promised to take your hands off the case.
I'm in charge of both the stigmata murder case and Eun Ho's accident.
I'll investigate both cases myself.
And I'll take responsibility...
for all the consequences.
You're doing it again! Again!
I want all of you to do your best to find Jang Ki Ho.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
You'd better take responsibility.
And let me know if you need a larger budget.
You pay for the budget!
Aren't you going to ask...
if we took care of it properly?
If things didn't go well,
Hee Dong and Du Seok will take responsibility.
Don't you think you trust us too much?
Why do you think I saved you guys?
I'm never wrong about people. You guys will never abandon me.
How many times have we gone through something like this...
because of a kid?
Plus, Yun Hee Seob found out that Ko Eun Ho...
saved Jang Ki Ho.
What if Yun Hee Seob finds him before we do?
Tell him to go ahead. We're after different things anyway.
What if Jang Ki Ho tells him the secret?
In order to do that,
Eun Ho will have to give back...
what he got from Jang Ki Ho.
(Daeyoung Daily)
(A pastor turned out to be the culprit...)
(Ko, a 15-year-old student from Shinsung Middle School...)
(survived a fall from a 10-story building.)
(Personal Information, Jang Ki Ho)
(Team Leader Cha Young Jin)
(Mother, Jang Haeng Ja, Dead)
Ms. Cha, I brought you files regarding Im Hee Jung.
- Put it here. - Okay.
I didn't notice anything suspicious.
- Okay. - But...
she was very rich.
- How rich? - She owned lots of buildings...
and real estate.
Where did she get all that money?
I'll look into it a bit more.
Okay, you may leave.
(Name: Im Hee Jung)
(Mother, Im Suk Hee, Dead)
(Name: Seo Sang Won)
(Mother, Jang Haeng Ja, Dead)
(Name: Jang Ki Ho)
Im Hee Jung's close acquaintance, Jang Ki Ho,
cooperated with Seo Sang Won?
Ko Eun Ho.
(Ko, a 15-year-old student from Shinsung Middle School...)
(Pastor's Office)
"Gospel of New Life."
(Pastor: Kwon Jae Chun)
I need you to bring me the book...
that Pastor Kwon hid.
You didn't tell me where it is.
Brother.
The pastor may have chosen both of us.
But at the very last moment, he chose to pass on...
his authority to me.
Follow what's written on that piece of paper and find that book.
(The sacred one. The divine one. The one holds David’s key.)
Pastor Kwon showed...
too much generosity to that evil thing.
As you already know, we can turn that evil thing...
into a calm sheep...
once we find that book.
I need to get it back.
No.
Come in.
I'm sorry...
I didn't tell you.
- Why didn't you tell me? - You were having a hard time...
because of Eun Ho's accident.
I'll take care of myself.
So don't hide anything from now on.
Okay.
Do you have something to say?
I've always wanted to ask you something.
What is it?
Go ahead.
When Seo Sang Won died,
you said "I'm sorry." Do you remember that?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Yes. - Why did you say that?
Why? Who were you...
apologizing to?
I know this makes no sense.
- But was it Seo Sang Won? - No.
That's what you've been wondering?
- I'm sorry. - It's okay.
I just told you not to hide anything from me.
I'm sorry I can't answer your question.
Shall I come back a bit later?
No, it's fine.
Did I put you off from scolding him a bit more?
No.
I deserved a scolding, but you got me off the hook.
What do you mean?
It's nothing.
Officer Yun filled me in.
Continuous coincidences feel like an inevitability.
During my career in the police,
I saw and experienced all sorts of cases.
If there's a possibility,
there's nothing in the world that cannot happen.
Are you saying that Eun Ho meeting Jang Ki Ho...
was a coincidence?
I'm saying you should act with an answer in your head.
You said Seo Sang Won must have had an accomplice.
In your mind, that accomplice...
is Jang Ki Ho, isn't it?
Young Jin.
Who is it that you're chasing?
The accomplice of Seo Sang Won whom you think killed Su Jung?
Or the accomplice of Choi Dae Hoon...
who almost killed Eun Ho?
What if they're the same person?
Even if Jang Ki Ho's involved in both cases,
depending on whether you want to...
solve Su Jung's case or Eun Ho's...
should determine what you do next.
Eun Ho's case.
Eun Ho wouldn't have known...
what was happening when he was abducted and fell.
I promised him.
That I'd find out what even he didn't know.
Let's find the connection...
between Choi Dae Hoon and Jang Ki Ho first.
Okay.
Where will you go now?
To Shinsung Middle School.
I'll start with Ha Min Sung.
Is it true that you saw Jang Ki Ho yesterday?
Did Sun Kyung tell you?
No. I was next to her when you called.
Where did you see him?
From surveillance camera footage on an ambulance.
- What? - I found the person...
Eun Ho saved by doing CPR.
I recognized his face.
But I couldn't remember his name.
So I asked Sun Kyung.
Why were you looking for...
the person that boy saved?
Sun Woo, what are you getting up to?
Well...
I don't know what I'm doing nowadays.
I should just ignore it all.
Thanks for the tea.
Sun Woo.
What?
About Min Sung.
Let me deal with it.
(Baek Sang Ho)
Hi.
Sorry for not picking up yesterday.
I was busy with something else.
It's fine.
Why did you call me?
I just called when I was visiting Eun Ho.
Did you?
- What about class? - I'm free right now.
Then shall we have a chat?
I'm at the school.
Where?
Hey! Mr. Lee Sun Woo!
Hello, sir.
You're here. Oh, sorry.
I'm here. This is your turf.
Why are you here?
I wanted to discuss something.
With me?
- Is it about Eun Ho? - No.
Dong Myung.
You know he saved someone, right?
That person asked me for a favor.
He wants to meet Eun Ho and thank him in person.
Tell him to call this number.
Thank you.
I heard you're paying for Dong Myung's brother's surgery.
My job is to help and save poor kids.
My foundation's thinking of sponsoring...
a one-to-one mentoring program.
We want to try it out here first.
I called you here to discuss that.
Shouldn't you discuss that with the chairman...
The seniors who overcame hardships when they were young...
support the youth who are having a rough time...
as mentors.
Doesn't that sound nice?
Oh, and I'd like Ju Dong Myung...
to be the first one to be mentored.
His brother Han Sol said this.
He's so happy...
that he has his brother.
His brother is his dad, mom, and friend.
He wishes that...
his brother had an older brother.
That kid...
I'll match him up with the guy who's caring for Eun Ho.
He's a nice guy.
"Instead of being angry with me,"
"he always gave me a warm smile."
"I looked at him..."
"and thought that if I could have a dad..."
"I thought I would want..."
"someone like Doctor Katz to be my dad."
("The Life Before Us")
Eun Ho. Do you really enjoy this book?
Shall I read you something more fun?
Do you know him well?
Tae Hyung?
Yes, I do.
He works for my foundation.
He's a nice kid.
You can trust him with Eun Ho and Dong Myung.
Well, at first, he was so hostile...
and just couldn't trust people.
Until then,
everyone had hurt or betrayed him.
But he changed after he met us.
He's a good guy. And he's reliable.
Do you feel unwell?
Why are you so pale?
Tae Hyung.
He was in my class.
Really?
What a coincidence.
Eun Ho is in your class, and so was Tae Hyung?
Was it in his second year of high school?
He said he quit school because of his teacher.
That was me.
Yesterday,
when I visited Eun Ho,
I met Tae Hyung.
I thought of that time and just hid.
That is proof that you're a good person.
Each person has different depths of shame and conscience.
Some have none at all.
When you do wrong,
you never forget it easily.
If a similar situation arises,
you'll try to make a different choice.
Look at you now.
You rushed all over the place...
for Dong Myung who isn't even in your class.
I want you to...
take over the Shinsung Foundation as chair soon.
Why would you say that?
If it's with you, Sun Woo,
New Life Foundation...
and Shinsung Foundation...
could gather our forces...
for the kids.
I think we could do something no one has done before.
Don't you think?
Ha Min Sung.
Let's talk.
About what?
What could you and I have to talk about?
Other than Eun Ho.
(Contacts)
(Mr. Lee Sun Woo)
Since we're both here,
can I have a chat with Dong Myung?
I'll ask him first.
What?
Yes, of course.
- Can you excuse me? - Go ahead.
Yes, Detective Cha.
Detective.
Well, this is a surprise.
I wasn't expecting you here today.
I'm here to see Min Sung.
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Lee, Ju Dong Myung...
He dragged Ha Min Sung away like this.
- Where? - The science lab.
Let's go.
(Science Lab)
I was questioned by detectives...
regarding Eun Ho's fall.
Eun Ho fell? From where?
Don't you play dumb with me.
I know you ordered your driver to do it!
Did you make him take Eun Ho to the rooftop to scare him?
Or did you order him to push Eun Ho?
You're insane.
What is this nonsense?
The detectives showed me a photo of your driver.
Is he in a holding cell?
How long do you think he'll keep quiet for you?
Eun Ho said...
that he was the one making your life harder.
Is that why...
you did this?
Didn't Eun Ho jump because of you?
- What? - You were stealing money from him.
I saw it many times.
I would've wanted to jump...
if a hobo like you had stolen my money too.
- Move. - Out of the way!
Over there.
Min Sung.
Dong Myung.
Why did you do this?
Dong Myung didn't do this.
Min Sung, look at me.
Mr. Lee, let's take him to the hospital.
Dong Myung, come with us.
Kids, out of the way.
Min Sung?
Guys, go back to your classes.
Move.
Hurry. Get moving.
Come here.
And who may you be?
I'm the police.
Rank and team?
I am Inspector Cha Young Jin...
of Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency's...
Special Crime Squad Homicide Team One.
Mr. Lee, take Min Sung to the hospital.
- Sir. - Right now.
A student is hurt.
Go with Mr. Lee.
- Was it you again? - Sir.
Please leave.
The school isn't open to anyone.
I was let in by Mr. Lee.
Then I'll hear the details from him.
- Now, please leave. - I'm a police officer.
I can't leave when I have stumbled on an incident.
Then I'll call campus security.
No. Dong Myung is a key witness in a case...
we are currently investigating.
He comes with me.
Is this really a case for the Special Crime Squad?
Women and Children's Department will take the case.
Then let's ask Dong Myung.
Dong Myung, which would you rather choose?
What you said before...
Did you mean it?
Yes.
I'll go with the detective.
Then please look out for him.
You're still on school grounds even though Mr. Lee isn't.
Well,
two people I wanted to meet are right here.
Hi.
I know you.
I saw you when Eun Ho received his prize.
So you were there too.
Thank you...
for paying for my brother's surgery.
I'll make sure to pay you back.
Sure thing. I'll wait.
Take this.
(Chairman Baek Sang Ho)
Thank you.
We'll get going then.
Wait, not so fast.
I'd like to have a word with you, Detective.
Dong Myung, could you wait outside for me?
Sure.
What is it that you want to say?
Oh, right.
Are you looking for the lowlifes who committed a crime...
in my hotel?
The petty drug dealers?
That's right.
You requested my assistance after promising you'd find them,
but it seems like you're busy with other work.
We're looking for them.
If you could only find one,
which would you choose?
I don't quite follow.
I heard something, you see.
The buyer who lost his money took it out on the seller.
This happened because the buyer thought...
it was the seller who took the money.
And now they're both nowhere to be found.
Aren't you curious...
to know what happened between them?
It sounds like you already know what happened.
My gosh, of course not.
I'd love for you to find both of them,
but which would you rather find...
if you had to choose?
Hypothetical or not, I still wouldn't choose.
Do you have anything more to say?
You see,
I'd choose...
salvation over justice.
So we meet again.
Come on in.
I'd choose...
salvation over justice.
Salvation? Which one could he be referring to?
Look after Dong Myung for me.
Officer Yun, text me the addresses of Kevin Jung and Lee Young Sik.
115...
Mr. Jung?
Mr. Jung.
Why does he have that bag?
("The Life Before Us")
(I can't tell you anything. But can you still help me?)
(Nobody Knows)
There weren't any signs of breaking and entering.
And there weren't any fatal injuries on Kevin Jung's body.
Then did he die because he overdosed on meth?
And heroine.
Why was he holding the kid's bag?
Do you really think it was Dong Myung?
What are you talking about?
You saw what happened.
Anyone in that situation...
would've suspected you as the assailant.
I only invite special people here.
Eun Ho sometimes asked me for money.
And he even said some mean stuff to me.
Min Sung and I still have a chance.
- Who are you? - What are you doing here?
You're under arrest for your attempt to murder Lee Sun Woo.